SHE'S A LOVE BUG.
(babbles)
(Meredith) HAVE YOU EVER HAD
THE STARRING ROLE IN A PLAY...
(laughs)
A SOLO IN A RECITAL?
OKAY, SHE'S GONNA TAKE HER FIRST
STEPS ANY MINUTE. I CAN FEEL IT.
ALL EYES ON YOU...
OKAY, SO I AM GONNA GIVE YOU
THE GIRAFFE,
AND MAYBE SHE'LL WALK TO YOU.
(toy squeaks)
WELL, SHE'S NOT GONNA
DO IT ON CUE.
SHE'S GONNA SURPRISE US,
RIGHT?
YOU GONNA SURPRISE US?
HERE YOU GO.
WAITING FOR YOU TO DO...
THAT'S IT. COME TO DADDY.
YEAH, COME ON!
WHAT THEY CAME TO SEE...
(laughs)
OH! HI. YEAH, DADDY.
SHE'S GONNA
TAKE HER FIRST STEPS
WHILE SHE'S IN DAY CARE,
AND THEN I'M GONNA KILL MYSELF.
NO, SHE WON'T.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA DO THAT,
RIGHT, ZO? ZO, COME TO DADDY.
COME TO DADDY.
(babbling)
COME ON. COME GET THE GIRAFFE.
YOU'RE JUST THE CUTEST KID
ON THE ENTIRE PLANET.
WHY IS THAT?
SHE'S PERFECT.
(beep)
OKAY.
FEELING THE INCREDIBLE PRESSURE
TO PERFORM.
THERE WAS A TIME WHEN THEY
USED TO CALL OPERATING ROOMS
AN OPERATING THEATER.
(switches click)
IT STILL FEELS LIKE ONE.
(spritzes)
SCORES OF PEOPLE GET READY
FOR THE SHOW.
THE SETS ARE ARRANGED.
THERE ARE COSTUMES...
(operatic instrumental
music playing)
MASKS...
PROPS.
EVERYTHING
HAS TO BE REHEARSED...
♪♪♪
CHOREOGRAPHED...
ALL LEADING TO THE MOMENT
WHEN THE CURTAIN GOES UP.
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY
ABOUT CARNEGIE HALL?
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO GET THERE.
PRACTICE, PRACTICE, PRACTICE
UNTIL IT IS PERFECT,
PEOPLE.
THIS IS A LONG,
COMPLEX PROCEDURE
WITH MANY PARTS.
THEREFORE MANY OPPORTUNITIES
FOR ERROR.
SO WE'RE GONNA
GO OVER THIS AGAIN.
TEAM LEADERS,
LET'S GET IN PLACE.
(Derek) ALL RIGHT, GREEN TEAM
OVER HERE, PLEASE.
(Arizona) LET'S GO, RED.
WE'VE OFFERED THIS FAMILY
EVERY PRO BONO DOLLAR,
EVERY SURGICAL HAND, EVERY
RESOURCE THIS HOSPITAL HAS.
SO I'M ASKING YOU FOR
EVERY RESOURCE THAT YOU HAVE.
BE SHARP, BE PRESENT,
BE FOCUSED.
DR. ROBBINS HAS BEEN
CARING FOR THESE CHILDREN
SINCE THE DAY THEY WERE BORN.
THEY WILL EACH GET
A NEW LIFE TODAY.
OUR ACTIONS WILL DECIDE
WHAT KIND OF LIVES THEY WILL BE.
♪♪♪
LET'S BEGIN.
(monitor beeping rhythmically,
people speaking indistinctly)
I THOUGHT I HAD
DR. KNOX.
YOU KNOW WHAT I LOVE ABOUT YOU?
YOUR WARMTH.
YOU WERE DOING
THE CONJOINED TWINS.
WELL, NOW KNOX IS DOING
UH-HUH.
UH, WE'RE NOT TALKING
ABOUT IT.
OH, OF COURSE
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT IT.
IT IS A CRAZY IDEA
THAT I AM NOT TALKING ABOUT
BECAUSE IT'S CRAZY.
IT'S NOT CRAZY.
WE'D SLEEP IN ONE BED,
WE WOULD HAVE BREAKFAST
AT THE SAME TABLE,
WE'D HAVE ONE ELECTRIC BILL
INSTEAD OF TWO.
OH, THAT'S WHY YOU WANT ME
TO MOVE IN WITH YOU,
SO WE COULD SAVE
ON THE ELECTRIC?
YEAH, IT'S
THE RESPONSIBLE THING TO DO...
(scoffs)
FOR THE PLANET.
I AM NOT MOVING IN
WITH YOU.
IT W-WHAT, LOOK, WE'VE BEEN
TOGETHER, WHAT, TWO WEEKS?
TWO WEEKS AND NINE MONTHS,
BEFORE THE PAUSE.
AND I WANT
TO HIT PLAY AGAIN,
RIGHT WHERE WE LEFT OFF.
I DON'T WANT TO START
AT THE BEGINNING.
BECAUSE IT'S GOOD
FOR THE PLANET?
AND I HAVE A BETTER TV.
(sighs)
LOOK, COME ON NOW. ADMIT IT.
YOU--YOU WANT TO LIVE WITH ME.
YOU LOVE ME.
(beeping continues)
I WANT...
KNOX BACK.
MM.
FLAPS ARE INSET
AND VIABLE.
WE ARE LOOKING AT
AT LEAST 18 HOURS,
SO COME AND GO IF YOU NEED TO,
HYDRATE, EAT,
BUT BE HERE AT LEAST 30 MINUTES
BEFORE YOUR PROCEDURES.
ALL RIGHT. NEXT UP,
GENERAL SURGERY.
FIRST WE NEED TO ESTABLISH
EACH BABY'S BLOOD SUPPLY
TO THE SHARED COLON.
THEN WE SEPARATE THE COLON,
MAKING THE FIRST INCISION--
I WILL MAKE THE FIRST INCISION.
WE'LL SEPARATE THE COLON.
OKAY, AND NOW I'M CHECKING
THE DISPLACED KIDNEYS--
TO MAKE SURE THEY'RE
INTACT AND FUNCTIONING.
UH, THAT'S IMPLIED.
I DON'T CARE. SAY IT.
CHECKING THE KIDNEYS
TO MAKE SURE
THEY'RE INTACT
AND FUNCTIONING.
MAN,
SHE'S WOUND UP TIGHT.
THOUGHT YOU WERE
OFF WORK TODAY.
I WON'T SEE ANOTHER ONE
OF THESE IN MY LIFETIME.
OKAY, YOU NEED TO TIE
THAT OFF BETTER, THOUGH.
YOU'RE DOING THE FLIP,
RIGHT, KAREV, WITH ROBBINS?
MM-HMM.
THE FLIP'S A CRITICAL PART.
YOU READY?
YES, SIR.
YOU FORGOT TO CAUTERIZE.
YOU WANT THIS BABY
TO BLEED OUT?
(man) DO I--
NO, I--
YEAH, I SHOULD THINK NOT.
LOOK, I KNOW THIS PROCEDURE
IS HER BABY,
BUT SHE KEEPS
NITPICKING EVERYBODY,
SHE'LL DESTROY
THEIR CONFIDENCE.
DON'T LET HER DO THAT
TO YOU.
OH, NO, SIR.
(speaks indistinctly)
GOOD, BECAUSE IF
THIS FLIP GOES WRONG,
SHE'S GONNA BLAME YOU.
IT'LL GO ON YOUR RECORD,
AND--AND BOARDS COMING UP--
IT'S NOT GONNA LOOK GOOD.
DID YOU CHECK THE PELVIS?
(man) I-I...
GLAD IT'S NOT ME.
OKAY, IT'S TIME TO FLIP THEM.
KAREV, YOU'RE UP.
(indistinct conversations)
READY?
(indistinct conversations
continue)
YEAH.
(woman) AND WHY IS THE FLIP
SO IMPORTANT?
IT JUST GETS VERY TRICKY.
THEY HAVE OPEN INCISIONS,
SO THEY HAVE TO STAY STERILE,
AND WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE
THAT THEY STAY INTUBATED
AND MONITORED.
OKAY.
AND WE ALSO HAVE TO KEEP
ALL THEIR I.V.s AND WIRES
FROM GETTING TANGLED
AND INTERTWINED IN THE PROCESS.
YOU KNOW, I--
IMAGINE, UM,
CHANGING THE BATTERY
OF YOUR CAR
WHILE SPEEDING
DOWN THE FREEWAY.
EXCEPT IT'S NOT A CAR
OR A BATTERY.
I MEAN, THEY'RE YOUR BABIES.
(chuckles)
SO... IT'S A BAD ANALOGY.
I'M SORRY.
NO, THAT'S THE FIRST THING
YOU'VE SAID
THAT I'VE
TOTALLY UNDERSTOOD.
(elevator bell dings)
BUT IF THE FLIP
GOES WRONG, THEN...
EVERYTHING AFTER THAT IS...
IS HOSED.
WELL, THE DOCTORS HAVE PLANNED
AND REHEARSED THIS FOR WEEKS.
I MEAN, THEY'VE GOT IT DOWN.
KAREV, YOU RUSHED IT. YOU'RE
LIKE TWO STEPS AHEAD OF ME.
NO, YOU OVER ME.
YOURS OVER MINE,
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
MINE OVER YOURS,
BABIES IN THE MORGUE.
THAT'S HOW IT WORKS.
THAT'S YOUR PNEUMONIC DEVICE?
GREAT. NOW BRANDI'S WOUNDS
ARE EXPOSED,
AND LITTLE ANDI'S GONE WITHOUT
OXYGEN FOR A WHOLE MINUTE.
OKAY, I--
CAN WE START OVER?
NO, THERE'S NO TIME.
LET'S JUST FINISH
THIS PRACTICE
AND TRY THE FLIP AGAIN.
NEXT.
(Derek) NEURO.
(Callie) ORTHO.
OKAY, WE WILL ACCESS
AND SEPARATE
THE CONJOINED SPINAL CANAL.
SEPARATE THE BONY ELEMENTS
OF THE SPINE.
(Meredith) WELL,
THAT WAS A TRAIN WRECK.
YOU NEARLY KILLED BOTH DOLLS.
LOOK, I HAVE IT.
I KNOW IT.
IF ONLY FREAKIN' ROBBINS
WOULD TRUST ME TO DO IT.
(whispers) DOLL KILLER.
MEREDITH GREY.
OKAY, COME WITH ME.
O.R. TWO. RIGHT AWAY.
(sighs)
(lowered voice) OKAY,
I AM GONNA TELL YOU SOMETHING
ABOUT MY PERSONAL LIFE.
REALLY?
OKAY, UM, MY PERSONAL LIFE
IS NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.
THE FACT THAT I KNOW THINGS
ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL LIFE
IS ONE OF THE GREAT SADNESSES
OF MY EXISTENCE.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
AND THE FACT THAT YOU'RE
GOING TO KNOW ABOUT MINE
IS EXPONENTIALLY WORSE,
BUT I DON'T SEE
HOW WE GET AROUND IT.
(clears throat)
OKAY.
WE'RE ABOUT TO OPERATE
WITH DR. WARREN.
HE AND I ARE... INVOLVED.
EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT.
CAN YOU NOT PRETEND?
OH, OH. (lowered voice)
YOU AND DR. WARREN? WOW.
UH, HE IS GOING TO TRY
AND DISCUSS PERSONAL MATTERS
IN THE O.R. TODAY,
AND I DON'T WANT THAT
TO HAPPEN.
OKAY.
OKAY, SO I'M GOING TO
TEACH YOU A LOT.
AND YOU ARE GONNA ASK
QUESTIONS--A LOT.
AND IF HE GETS
A PERSONAL WORD IN EDGEWISE,
I WANT YOU TO FORGET WHICH IS
THE BUSINESS END OF A SCALPEL
REAL QUICK
AND ASK FOR HELP.
OKAY, BUT LET ME
GET THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU PULLED ME OUT OF
A ONCE-IN-A-LIFETIME SURGERY
TO BE A BUFFER BETWEEN YOU
AND YOUR BOYFRIEND?
OH, DON'T USE THAT KIND
OF LANGUAGE WITH ME.
(people speaking indistinctly)
SPINAL SEPARATION COMPLETE.
(cell phone rings and buzzes)
I HAVE TO GO. TEDDY.
(sighs) IT'S BEEN
TWO WEEKS NOW.
YOU NEED A BREAK,
AND SHE DOES, TOO.
I GOTTA GO.
OKAY, I AM NOW PREPARED
TO SEPARATE THEM COMPLETELY.
WAIT. HOLD ON.
WHAT ABOUT COMPLICATIONS?
I MEAN, WHAT IF THERE'S
A DOUBLE HEMIVERTEBRA
OR A TETHERED CORD?
(sighs)
WE WILL CROSS THAT BRIDGE
WHEN WE COME TO IT.
WE'RE DONE HERE.
I-I'M SORRY.
WHAT IF WE'RE STANDING
ON THAT BRIDGE RIGHT NOW?
DR. ROBBINS, I SAID--
NO, NO, NO, NO. WE HAVEN'T
EVEN SEPARATED THEM YET.
WE HAVEN'T GONE THROUGH
THE POST-SEPARATION SURGERIES.
DR. ROBBINS, STOP.
THERE'S SO MUCH M--
WE'RE DONE PRACTICING.
WE HAVE PRACTICED OUR PARTS
NOT ONLY HERE IN THIS O.R.,
BUT IN THE SHOWER,
ON YOUR DRIVE TO WORK.
WE ARE READY.
WE KNOW WHAT TO DO.
NOW WE JUST HAVE TO DO IT.
♪♪♪
(indistinct conversations)
(babies crying)
♪♪♪
(Owen) LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
I PRESENT TO YOU
ANDI AND BRANDI EDWARDS.
LET'S GIVE THEM NEW LIVES,
SHALL WE?
(Andi and Brandi crying)
♪♪♪
IT'S SHOWTIME.
(indistinct conversations)
♪♪♪
(baby cries)
RAISING THE SKIN FLAP.
AVERY, YOU THERE?
ONE STEP AHEAD OF YOU.
YOU WANT TO RACE?
NO, NO, NO. NO RACING.
THAT WAS FUN LAST NIGHT.
DID YOU AND MER
HAVE A GOOD TIME?
I KNOW JULIA HAD A GOOD TIME.
(Derek) YEAH, WE DID.
YOU GOT ENOUGH LENGTH THERE
FOR COVERAGE?
YEAH, I'M DISSECTING FROM
THE BASE TO THE MIDLINE.
DID MER SAY ANYTHING
ABOUT JULIA?
SHE LIKED HER.
JACKSON, SLOW DOWN.
AND ZOLA LIKE JULIA, TOO?
YES, SHE DID.
EVERYBODY LIKED JULIA.
ANYBODY ELSE HERE MEET JULIA?
(surgical staff chuckles)
DID YOU LIKE HER?
SHOW OF HANDS IF YOU LIKED HER.
AH, YOU DID? YOU DID?
(laughter)
I THINK I'LL UPDATE
THE PARENTS.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
HUNT, THEY'RE CLEARLY RACING.
NO RACING.
WE'RE NOT RACING.
WE HAVE BEEN REHEARSING THIS
FOR MONTHS,
AND NOW THEY'RE GONNA JEOPARDIZE
THE PATIENT BECAUSE--
ROBBINS, YOU TAKE CARE
OF YOUR TEAM.
I'LL LOOK AT THE BIG PICTURE.
DONE.
I WIN.
AND BY THAT, WE MEAN READY
FOR THE COLON RESECTION.
CAFETERIA?
RACE YOU THERE.
GENERAL SURGERY TEAMS,
LET'S GO.
(indistinct conversations)
(Meredith)
IS THAT ENOUGH LAP PADS?
A LITTLE MORE
IS NOT GONNA HURT.
THEY'LL HELP MOBILIZE IT.
HOW'S ZOLA DOING?
OH, SHE'S GREAT. THANKS.
SHE'S ABOUT A MINUTE AWAY
FROM WALKING.
THAT'S GREAT.
A-AND SHE'S IN THE DAY CARE
DOWNSTAIRS?
SHE IS, YEAH.
SHE REALLY LIKES IT.
MUST BE NICE, HAVING THE WHOLE
FAMILY IN THE BUILDING.
YEAH.
IT'S A WIN-WIN.
YOU LOVE DR. SHEPHERD,
AND HE LOVES YOU,
AND YOU SEE EACH OTHER AT WORK,
AND THEN YOU SEE EACH OTHER
AT HOME.
JUST MORE OF A GOOD THING.
DR. BAILEY, IS THAT
THE SPLEEN RIGHT THERE?
THAT IS THE SPLEEN.
SO ARE WE GONNA TAKE OUT
THE WHOLE THING?
WE WILL. WE WILL
TAKE IT RIGHT OUT.
SO HOW MANY SUTURE LIGATURES
DO YOU THINK WE'LL NEED TO DO
FOR THE SPLENIC VESSELS?
OH, COULD BE TWO,
COULD BE THREE.
I'LL, UH, SEE IF TWO
DOES IT.
BUT I MAY HAVE TO
THROW IN A THIRD.
THIS IS GOOD STUFF. I'M GLAD
I SKIPPED THE CONJOINED TWINS.
THERE'S BEAUTY IN THE BASICS.
THERE'S BEAUTY IN SHARING
A BOWL OF CEREAL
WITH A WOMAN THAT--
I CAN'T REMEMBER
HOW TO DO A STICK TIE.
NO SHAME IN THAT.
THERE'S NO STUPID QUESTIONS.
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
DR. ALTMAN.
DR. YANG.
YOU PAGED ME?
OH, I DIDN'T
REALIZE CRISTINA WAS--
DO YOU WANT ME TO STEP ASIDE
SO SHE CAN--
NO.
BUT YOU PAGED HER.
IT'S NO PROBLEM, REALLY.
I DON'T MIND.
I CAN GO PEEK IN ON THE PROGRESS
OF THE CONJOINED TWINS
IF YOU'D RATHER HAVE--
STAY PUT, KEPNER.
YANG.
FROM THE BEGINNING?
YES.
VITALS WERE STABLE
AFTER RECEIVING L.R.
AND PACKED CELLS.
THE BRONCH WAS ALREADY PLACED
WHEN I ENTERED THE O.R.
SO I PROCEEDED
WITH THE LASER ENDOSCOPY
USING THE C-O-2 LASER.
STEP BY STEP.
I HAD GOOD VISUALIZATION
OF THE TUMOR ALMOST IMMEDIATELY.
ABOUT 80% OF THE TUMOR
HAD BEEN VAPORIZED
WHEN THE BLEEDING BEGAN.
HE HAD CLOTS,
WHICH WERE BLOCKING MY SCOPE.
I PASSED A BRUSH THROUGH
THE SCOPE TO CLEAR THE FIELD.
HOWEVER, HENRY'S HEMORRHAGING
WAS SO SEVERE...
SUCTION, KEPNER.
KEPNER, SUCTION.
(suction gurgling)
YANG?
HENRY'S HEMORRHAGING
WAS SO SEVERE
THAT THE BRUSH
DID NOT SOLVE THE PROBLEM.
SATs DROPPED TO 88.
BLOOD WAS
COMING OUT OF THE E.T. TUBE.
AT THAT POINT, DR. WEBBER
EXERCISED HIS JUDGMENT
AND STEPPED IN.
WE CRACKED HIS CHEST
AND TRIED TO GET TO THE SOURCE.
HENRY BECAME BRADYCARDIC
SO WE PUSHED ATROPINE.
THEN I REALIZED,
THE TUMOR HAD ERODED THROUGH
THE PULMONARY ARTERY.
HE FLATLINED.
WE DID A.C.L.S. PROTOCOL
AND GOT SINUS BRADY.
WE PUSHED HIGH-DOSE EPI.
HE FLATLINED AGAIN.
WE DID MORE COMPRESSIONS.
WE CONTINUED IN THIS MANNER
UNTIL DR. WEBBER AND I
BOTH AGREED
THAT SINCE HE ALREADY LOST
MORE THAN HALF HIS BLOOD VOLUME,
HIS HEART COULD NOT RESTART.
WE CALLED TIME OF DEATH--
8:52 P.M.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
(suction gurgling)
AGAIN.
WHEN I ENTERED THE O.R.
HENRY'S VITALS
HAD BEEN STABLE.
HE HAD RECEIVED L.R.
AND PACKED CELLS.
THE BRONCH WAS ALREADY PLACED
SO I PROCEEDED
WITH THE LASER ENDOSCOPY.
AND THEN THANKS TO THE UNHEALTHY
LEVEL OF COMFORT SHE FELT
WORKING FOR HER HUSBAND,
SHE TOOK SOME LIBERTIES
WITH THE CLINICAL TRIAL
AND NOW NEITHER OF THEIR CAREERS
WILL EVER BE THE SAME.
YOU KNOW,
I WOULD LOVE TO GO BACK
TO DIVIDING
THE GASTROCOLIC LIGAMENT,
BUT I'M NOT SURE
I REMEMBER HOW TO--
FIGURE IT OUT.
LOOK, ALL I'M SAYING IS,
IT'D BE NICE TO MAINTAIN
SOME BOUNDARIES
SO A PERSON'S LIFE
DOESN'T FALL TO PIECES
LIKE DR. GREY'S HERE.
FOR THE RECORD, MY LIFE IS
PRETTY GREAT RIGHT NOW.
YOU HUSH. NO ONE'S INTERESTED
IN YOUR LIFE.
DR. GREY.
PLEASE ASK ME ABOUT A SPLEEN.
WHO'S THE LAST PERSON YOU SEE
BEFORE YOU FALL ASLEEP AT NIGHT?
OR A PANCREAS. I'VE GOT
A VERY GOOD VIEW OF IT.
IT'S TAN AND LOBULATED--
ANSWER THE QUESTION.
THE LAST PERSON YOU SEE
BEFORE YOU FALL ASLEEP
AT NIGHT.
DEREK SHEPHERD.
MUST BE NICE,
ALL I'M SAYIN'.
ZERO SILK.
THANK GOD.
(beeping continues)
THEY'RE SEPARATING
THE COLON RIGHT NOW.
MAKING SURE THAT THEY EACH
HAVE GOOD BLOOD SUPPLY.
HAVE THEY DONE
THE FLIP THING YET?
THAT'S NEXT.
(inhales deeply)
UM, I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE.
IS THERE A BAR AROUND HERE?
UM... YEAH.
ACROSS THE STREET.
(people speaking indistinctly)
HE'S NOT A TOTAL DRUNK
IF THAT'S
WHAT YOU'RE THINKING.
HE HAS A JOB.
IT'S A GOOD ONE,
WITH BENEFITS.
SERIOUSLY, GRETCHEN,
I-I-I WASN'T--
NO, I KNOW
WHAT YOU WERE THINKING.
IT'S WHAT EVERYBODY THINKS.
THAT WE ACCIDENTALLY
GOT PREGNANT
AND NOW WE'RE STUCK WITH THESE
KIDS WE CAN'T TAKE CARE OF.
YOU'RE PROBABLY PLACING BETS
IN THE O.R.
OF HOW LONG
WE'LL STAY TOGETHER
OR WHOSE MOTHER IS GONNA
END UP RAISING THE GIRLS.
WELL, YOU CAN TELL
EVERYONE IN THAT ROOM
THAT THEY'RE WRONG.
WE LOVE EACH OTHER,
AND WE WANTED THESE BABIES.
WE'RE STAYING TOGETHER, AND WE
WILL DO WHATEVER WE NEED TO DO
TO MAKE SURE
THAT THEY'RE OKAY...
(inhales deeply)
INCLUDING ACCEPTING
THE HOSPITAL'S CHARITY,
EVEN IF I HAVE TO SIT AROUND
WITH JUDGY DOCTORS.
I WASN'T JUDGING YOU.
REALLY. I-I JUST...
I WAS THINKING
HOW LUCKY YOU ARE
TO BE WITH SOMEBODY
THAT YOU LOVE.
LOOKS LIKE ANDI HAS THE BULK OF
THE BLOOD SUPPLY TO THE COLON.
SO WE'LL GIVE HER
ALL THE COLON THEN?
AND LEAVE BRANDI WITH
AN ILEOSOTOMY?
I DON'T THINK SO.
I'LL DO AN ILEOPROCTOSTOMY.
MAYBE THEY SHOULD JUST
SHARE SO WE DON'T HAVE TO--
NO. WE'LL DO IT MY WAY.
CHECK THE FUNCTION OF
THE BLOOD SUPPLY TO THE KIDNEY.
(Owen) FLIP'S COMING UP,
AND I DON'T WANT A REPEAT
OF THIS MORNING'S REHEARSAL.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
THAT'S WHAT I WANT
TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
I'M A LITTLE NERVOUS
ABOUT IT.
WE PRACTICED THAT FLIP BEFORE,
AND IT TURNED OUT GREAT.
AND TODAY--
ROBBINS DOESN'T TRUST ANYBODY
TODAY.
GET TO YOUR POINT,
KAREV.
I JUST DON'T WANT
TO SCREW THIS UP.
WE GOTTA BE THE PERFECT TEAM.
AND YOU'RE NOT COMFORTABLE
DOING IT WITH HER?
SHE'S MAKING EVERYBODY
UNCOMFORTABLE.
I GET IT. YOU DON'T NEED
TO SAY ANOTHER WORD.
WHO WANTS TO REPLACE KAREV
ON THE FLIP?
NO, THAT'S NOT
WHAT I MEANT.
UH, I'LL DO IT.
(man) SIR.
MM.
(man) AW.
YOU SURE YOU CAN DO THIS?
DISCONNECT AND CAP
SUBCLAVIAN I.V.s,
ANESTHESIOLOGIST HOLDS
THE E.T. TUBE,
DESIGNATED CIRCULATORS
AND THE TECHS
HOLD THE MONITORS.
YOURS OVER MINE, BABIES--
DON'T. DON'T.
WHY AREN'T YOU DOING
THE FLIP?
(sighs) WEBBER
SNAKED IT FROM ME.
WEBBER?
BUT HE HASN'T PRACTICED.
YOU'VE BEEN PRACTICING THIS
FOR TWO WEEKS.
YEAH, TELL HIM THAT.
I TOLD THE PARENTS
THAT YOU'VE PRACTICED.
I TOLD THEM THAT YOU
HAD THIS THING DOWN COLD.
(Arizona) OKAY, ONE...
TWO...
THREE.
(Richard) EASY, EASY, EASY.
I HOPE HE DROPS HER.
HOW'S HE GONNA LIKE IT WHEN
ONE TWIN'S PUSHING HER SISTER
IN A WHEELCHAIR
THE REST OF THEIR LIVES?
I'M JUST PISSED AT WEBBER.
YOU'RE JUST... A MONSTER.
AND WE'RE DONE.
(Richard and Arizona chuckle)
(man) WHOO-HOO!
(man) ALL RIGHT!
OH, GOOD. OKAY.
NICE WORK.
(woman) WELL DONE.
(woman) ALL RIGHT!
(woman) RIGHT?
HE FLATLINED AGAIN.
THEN DR. WEBBER AND I DECIDED
THAT WITHOUT
ANY BLOOD LEFT TO CIRCULATE,
HIS HEART WOULD NOT RESTART,
SO WE CALLED TIME OF DEATH
AT 8:52 P.M.
TELL ME ABOUT THE TUMOR.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
THE TUMOR HAD ERODED
THROUGH THE PULMONARY ARTERY.
(beeping continues)
OKAY.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
KNOW WHAT?
WHEN YOU SAY THAT THE TUMOR
ERODED INTO
THE PULMONARY ARTERY,
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
THERE WAS A HOLE
IN THE ARTERY.
DID YOU ACTUALLY
SEE THE ARTERY?
I FELT IT.
YOU JUST BLINDLY FELT IT?
(beeping continues)
IT WASN'T A BLIND FEEL.
I KNEW WHAT I WAS DOING.
I TRACED IT WITH MY FINGERS.
(beeping continues)
UH-HUH.
IT WAS THE POSTERIOR SEGMENTAL
ARTERY. I'M SURE OF IT.
HOW CAN YOU BE SURE?
YOU NEVER GOT A VISUAL.
I-I FOLLOWED
THE TRACHEAL BIFURCATION.
IT CAME DIRECTLY OFF
THE MAIN PULMONARY ARTERY.
OKAY, KEPNER, LET'S GET A FEW
OF THESE LYMPH NODES FOR BIOPSY
AND THEN GET READY TO CLOSE.
I DIDN'T CALL IT
WITHOUT BEING SURE.
(instrument clicks)
FROM THE TOP, YANG.
(suction gurgling)
UM, HIS VITALS WERE STABLE
AFTER RECEIVING FLUIDS.
HE WAS UNDER ANESTHESIA,
AND THE BRONCH WAS PLACED
WHEN I ENTERED THE O.R.
SO I PROCEEDED
WITH THE LASER ENDOSCOPY
USING THE C-O-2 LASER.
(woman speaks indistinctly)
(grunts)
DR. BAILEY, OP NOTES DONE.
DO YOU MIND IF I
RUN OUT FOR A MINUTE
UNTIL
THE NEXT PATIENT'S READY?
HE'S GONNA BE HERE
30 MINUTES FROM NOW.
I KNOW. I CAN GET OUT
AND MAKE IT BACK IN THAT TIME.
YOU'RE GOING TO TRY
AND GET A SANDWICH
THEN I'M GOING TO GET THE SAD
STORY 40 MINUTES FROM NOW
ABOUT HOW LONG THE LINE WAS
IN THE CAFETERIA.
HE'S A NICE MAN. YOU COULD
DO WITHOUT ME FOR HALF AN HOUR.
(clenched teeth) DR. GREY.
(whispers) HE WON'T BITE.
(exhales)
(whispers) FOR GOD SAKE.
YOU CAN RUN,
BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE.
(instrument clatters)
(sighs)
LOOK, WHAT WE HAVE
IS GOOD.
MM-HMM.
NOW WHY ON EARTH
DO YOU WANT TO RUSH IT
AND--AND COMPLICATE IT
AND--AND QUITE POSSIBLY
DESTROY IT?
BECAUSE WE'RE NOT KIDS
ANYMORE.
B-BECAUSE MY LIFE
IS HAPPENING NOW,
NOT TEN YEARS FROM NOW
OR FIVE
OR A RESPECTABLE 14 MONTHS,
BUT RIGHT NOW.
AND I WANT TO SHARE IT,
EVERY DAY, EVERY MORNING,
EVERY EVENING,
A-AND IF THAT'S NOT
WHAT YOU WANT,
THEN I GUESS WE'RE
JUST NOT RIGHT FOR EACH OTHER.
NOW LOOK, WE JUST GOT
BACK TOGETHER TWO WEEKS AGO.
I-I CAN'T--
WELL, I GUESS I JUST GOT
MY ANSWER.
(Adaline's "Sparks" playing)
HEY, COME O--
IT'S BEEN TWO WEEKS.
♪ MAKING EYES AT 200 FEET ♪
♪ YOUR AWKWARD... ♪
EXCUSE ME.
EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME.
♪ FIRE CRAWLS UP
INSIDE YOUR SKIN ♪
OKAY.
LOOK AT THIS FACE.
(laughs)
SERIOUSLY,
LOOK AT THIS FACE.
(Zola babbles)
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH,
SUPER CUTE.
THEY'RE IN
THE SPINAL CORD NOW.
BAILEY SPENT
THE LAST TWO HOURS
TELLING ME HOW CRAPPY
MY LIFE IS,
BUT LOOK AT THIS FACE.
(April laughs)
OH, ZOLA, LOOK.
THERE'S YOUR DADDY.
HE'S ABOUT TO REPAIR
A MYELOMENINGOCELE.
CAN YOU SAY MYELOMENINGOCELE?
WHAT AN ASS.
HEY, LANGUAGE.
BABY HERE.
HE PRETENDS HE'S ALL
GENTLE AND SAD
WITH THE ALZIE WIFE AT HOME,
DISPENSING ZEN WISDOM
FROM HIS HALF CENTURY
OF BEING A SURGEON.
WELL, GUESS WHAT.
YODA DOWN THERE--
BIGGEST SHARK OF 'EM ALL.
THE GUY IS DANGEROUS
AND MEAN.
I THINK WHAT TEDDY'S DOING
IS MEAN.
IT'S FINE.
NO, IT'S HORRIBLE.
IT'S--IT'S HORRIBLE AND--
(Jackson) YOU KNOW
WHAT ELSE IS HORRIBLE?
HAVING A DEAD HUSBAND.
NO, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU DON'T KNOW, OKAY?
IT'S NOT RIGHT.
TEDDY'S O.R., IT'S LIKE...
IT'S LIKE A MORGUE.
WELL, ALTMAN'S HUSBAND
DIED ON YANG'S TABLE.
PAYBACK'S A BITCH.
OH, WILL YOU JUST SHUT UP?
IT'S FINE.
I CAN HANDLE IT.
(clears throat)
WELL, IT HAS BEEN
TWO WEEKS OF THIS.
IT MUST BE GETTING TO YOU.
(exhales) NO MORE THAN IT DID
YESTERDAY OR THE DAY BEFORE THAT
OR THE DAY BEFORE THAT.
IT'S FINE.
I'M... I CAN HANDLE IT.
(Derek) DAMN IT.
SPINAL DERMOID CYST.
IT'S ALL TANGLED UP
IN THE SPINAL ROOT.
OF SCARRING IN THERE.
I DON'T SEE
A CLEAN APPROACH.
WELL, NO, WELL,
YOU HAVE TO TAKE IT OUT
BECAUSE THE CYST
COULD BECOME MALIGNANT.
YES, WE'RE AWARE.
THANK YOU.
MAYBE IF I CAN COME IN
FROM AN ANGLE... LIKE THIS,
BUT THEN WE RISK
THE CONTENTS SPILLING OUT--
WHICH COULD CAUSE
A CHEMICAL MENINGITIS.
DR. ROBBINS,
WE'VE GOT THIS.
OKAY, WHAT IF WE STRETCH
THE NERVE ROOT HERE?
WELL,
THAT MIGHT PARALYZE BRANDI.
YES, BRANDI MIGHT
END UP PARALYZED.
YEAH, NO ONE UNDERSTANDS THAT
BETTER THAN WE DO,
WHICH IS WHY WE WILL BE
MAKING THIS DECISION, OKAY?
US. NOT YOU.
US.
YOU ALL RIGHT WITH THAT?
(sighs) JUST MAKE SURE--
(clears throat)
I...
(sighs)
YES, I'M OKAY WITH THAT.
NO MORE TALKING
FROM ANYONE IN THIS O.R.
WE NEED COMPLETE SILENCE
FROM NOW ON.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over p.a.)
HEY.
I WAS IN THE SHOP
DOWNSTAIRS,
AND I FIGURED, YOU KNOW,
NOW THERE'S GONNA BE
TWO OF 'EM,
THEY'RE GONNA NEED
THEIR OWN CLOTHES.
OHH.
SO I FIGURED BRANDI
COULD BE THE PUNK FIRST
AND THEN WE COULD
MAKE 'EM SWITCH
AND SEE WHICH ONE
WEARS 'EM BETTER.
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
(chuckles)
(cell phone chimes)
(buzzes)
OH!
UH, THEY'RE, UH,
ABOUT TO SEPARATE THE GIRLS,
WHICH IS SO...
COOL.
IT...
(beeps)
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
OKAY, WE'RE READY
FOR THE FINAL CUT.
(beeping continues)
(operatic instrumental
music playing)
ALL RIGHT.
SEPARATION COMPLETE.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
NOT YET, NOT YET.
WE STILL NEED TO CHECK
ON THE MOTOR FUNCTION.
LET'S DO...
2 MILLIAMPS OF STIMULATION
ON ANDI FIRST, PLEASE.
(beeps)
(whines)
(beep)
(Callie) ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S TRY BRANDI NOW.
2 MILLIAMPS
OF STIMULATION.
(stimulus machine whining)
♪♪♪
LET'S GO UP TO 3 MILLIAMPS,
PLEASE.
(whining)
♪♪♪
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
COME ON, BRANDI. JUST GIVE US
SOME KIND OF MOVEMENT.
ANYTHING.
(beeping continues)
♪♪♪
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO TO
4 MILLIAMPS OF STIMULATION.
(whining)
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
♪♪♪
(whining)
(beep)
HEY, THERE YOU GO.
(Callie chuckles)
ALL RIGHT. GOOD.
WHOO.
♪♪♪
(Owen) GREAT WORK, EVERYONE.
ONE STEP AT A TIME,
BY THE NUMBERS,
LIKE WE PRACTICED.
LET'S MOVE.
(indistinct conversations)
♪♪♪
OKAY, COUNT OF THREE.
ONE, TWO THREE.
TWO, THREE.
GENTLY, GENTLY.
NICELY DONE.
♪♪♪
WE'VE STILL GOT
A HELL OF A LONG WAY TO GO.
I'LL BE CHECKING IN
ON YOU BOTH.
HOW'S IT GOING IN HERE,
SLOAN?
THE FLAP IS WELL-VASCULARIZED,
HAS GOOD CAP REFILL,
AND IS COVERING
THE DEFECT PERFECTLY.
I NAILED IT.
DID AVERY NAIL HIS?
WHAT'S GOING ON, AVERY?
YOU SHOULD'VE FINISHED
YOUR FLAP BY NOW.
YET I HAVEN'T EVEN STARTED.
WHY DON'T YOU GIVE ME
A CALL WHEN YOU'RE READY?
HER KIDNEY'S
COMPLETELY NECROTIC.
(monitor beeping erratically)
V-TACH.
OKAY, PUSH 30 MILLIGRAMS
OF CALCIUM.
SHE'S ALREADY SHOWING
SIGNS OF RENAL FAILURE.
HER KIDNEY
WAS FINE EARLIER.
MAYBE SOMETHING CAUSED
AN ARTERIAL SPASM WHILE WE
WERE CHECKING THE FUNCTION
OF THE BLOOD SUPPLY.
I DON'T KNOW, BUT AT THIS POINT,
I DON'T THINK IT'S SALVAGEABLE.
SHE HASN'T HAD ANY URINE OUTPUT
SINCE SHE'S BEEN IN THIS O.R.
(voice breaking)
HOW DID IT HAPPEN?
SOMETIMES COMPLICATIONS
CAN ARISE.
I DIDN'T EVEN WANT THIS.
I MEAN, YOU PEOPLE,
YOU DOCTORS
TALKED US INTO THIS.
YOU PROMISED US
THAT YOU COULD DO THIS.
SO WHAT ARE YOU SAYING,
DR. GREY?
SHE'S SAYING
THAT OUR
PERFECTLY HEALTHY DAUGHTER
STARTED THE DAY SHARING
THREE KIDNEYS
AND NOW SHE ONLY HAS ONE,
WHICH ISN'T EVEN WORKING...
(inhales deeply) WHICH
BASICALLY MEANS, SHE HAS NONE.
THAT'S WHAT
SHE'S TELLING YOU.
CAN THEY FIX IT?
IS SHE--IS BRANDI
GONNA BE OKAY?
WE DON'T KNOW YET.
WE'RE JUST GONNA HAVE TO
WAIT AND SEE.
(door opens)
17-YEAR-OLD MALE WITH
MULTIPLE G.S.W. TO THE CHEST.
WE'RE BRINGING HIM
STRAIGHT FROM THE E.R.
SO WE DON'T HAVE
A LOT OF TIME, PEOPLE.
LET'S GET HIM
ON THE TABLE.
DR. YANG, ARE YOU
SCRUBBING IN THIS TIME?
(Teddy and Cristina) NO.
(Teddy) ALL RIGHT.
ON MY COUNT. ONE, TWO...
THREE.
LET'S MOVE, KEPNER.
(surgical staff
speaking indistinctly)
YANG.
VITALS WERE STABLE...
AFTER RECEIVING L.R.
AND PACKED CELLS.
(sighs)
THE BRONCH WAS ALREADY PLACED
WHEN I ENTERED INTO THE O.R.
SO I PROCEEDED WITH
THE LASER ENDOSCOPY.
(suction gurgling,
monitor beeping rhythmically)
HOW WAS YOUR LUNCH,
DR. GREY?
OH, IT WAS FINE.
ACTUALLY, NO LINE AT ALL.
I WAS ABLE
TO GET MY SANDWICH,
FIND MY DAUGHTER,
SEE MY HUSBAND,
GO WATCH
THE GROUNDBREAKING SURGERY
THAT'S GOING ON
RIGHT NEXT DOOR,
AND STILL GET BACK IN TIME
TO DO MY WORK.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU HAVE IT ALL,
DR. GREY.
I DO, ACTUALLY.
I HAVE IT ALL.
I'VE HEARD ENOUGH
ABOUT THE LUNCH.
I DON'T SEE
ANY MORE PERFORATIONS.
I'M GONNA START CLOSING.
OH, I'D SAY WE SHOULD
GRAB A DRINK AND CELEBRATE,
BUT I KNOW YOU DON'T HAVE
ROOM IN YOUR LIFE FOR JOY.
♪♪♪
IS IT A CRIME
THAT I LIKE TO FOCUS
WHEN I'M IN THE WORKPLACE?
IF SO, MY APOLOGIES.
I FOCUS.
I FOCUS LIKE A LASER.
THAT'S WHY
I DON'T MAKE MISTAKES.
THAT'S WHY MY PATIENTS
SURVIVE SURGERY.
THAT'S WHY I'M NOT SLOPPY
OR CARELESS...
WE'RE MISSING A SPONGE.
OR INCONSISTENT
LIKE MANY OF MY COLLEAGUES ARE.
FRANKLY,
LIKE MOST OF MY STUDENTS ARE.
WHEN YOU AND CHATTY CATHY
OVER HERE
WE'RE DISCUSSING
THE MAGIC OF LUNCH,
I WAS FOCUSED ENOUGH
FOR BOTH OF US.
DR. BAILEY.
WHAT?
WE'RE MISSING A SPONGE.
(man) ♪ WHEN THE WALLS ♪
WELL, COUNT AGAIN.
WE DID. THREE TIMES. WE'VE
LOOKED EVERYWHERE EXCEPT...
EXCEPT WHERE?
♪ I BEEN WALKING ON A TIGHTROPE
FOR YOU ♪
INSIDE THE PATIENT.
♪ I BEEN LOOKING FOR A LIFEBOAT
FOR YOU ♪
♪ I BEEN LOOKING... ♪
DID YOU CLEAR OUT
THE CLOTS?
YEAH.
(Owen) WERE THERE
ANY ADHESIONS?
NO, THE VESSELS ARE CLEAR,
AND YET THE KIDNEY
IS--IS DEAD.
WHAT IF WE TRIED
A BYPASS GRAFT?
A KIDNEY TRANSPLANT.
WE'VE GOT THE PERFECTLY MATCHED
DONOR RIGHT NEXT DOOR.
THEY USED TO SHARE
ALL THREE OF THOSE KIDNEYS.
TH-THERE'S BE NO NEED
FOR IMMUNOSUPPRESSANTS
BECAUSE THEY'RE
IDENTICAL TWINS.
THEY'D BE SAVING
EACH OTHER.
OKAY, KAREV.
IT'S YOUR IDEA.
MAKE IT HAPPEN.
♪ GO AND FIND THE RIGHT ONE ♪
THE PARENTS WANTED TO SEE HER
BEFORE SHE WENT UP TO PICU.
(man) SHE LOOKS SO WEIRD.
(voice breaking)
WHERE'S HER SISTER?
♪ MY OWN SELF FOR YOU TO SLAY ♪
I CANNOT LOOK AT HER
WITHOUT HER SISTER.
HONEY, BRANDI'S
GONNA BE FINE.
SHE'LL BE HERE, TOO.
THEY'RE BOTH
GONNA BE FINE.
WE NEED ANDI
BACK IN THE O.R.
WHAT'S WRONG?
WE'RE GONNA DO
A KIDNEY TRANSPLANT.
BRANDI'S KIDNEY FAILED.
IT'S STRAINING HER OTHER ORGANS,
INCLUDING HER HEART.
NO, YOU CAN'T.
IT'S OKAY. LET THEM TAKE HER.
I CAN'T LOSE THEM BOTH.
PLEASE. NO. YOU CAN'T.
(crying) PLEASE.
I CAN'T LOSE THEM BOTH.
PLEASE. NO.
(continues crying)
HOW MUCH LONGER?
YOU NEED ME TO SCRUB IN?
ALMOST THERE.
WELL, CAN YOU BE ALMOST THERE
A LITTLE FASTER?
THERE. GOT IT.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
THANK YOU.
(suction gurgles)
OPEN THE FRIGGIN' DOOR.
(woman) OKAY.
KIDNEY LOOKS HEALTHY.
ARE YOU READY?
YEAH. GO AHEAD
AND SCRUB IN.
(Cristina) VITALS WERE STABLE
AFTER RECEIVING L.R.
AND PACKED CELLS.
THE BRONCHOSCOPE
WAS ALREADY IN PLACE
WHEN I ENTERED THE O.R.
SO I STARTED
WITH THE LASER ENDOSCOPY.
I HAD GOOD VISUALIZATION OF
THE TUMOR ALMOST IMMEDIATELY.
TELL ME ABOUT THE TUMOR.
IT WAS HIGHLY VASCULARIZED
AND HAD ERODED THROUGH
THE PULMONARY ARTERY.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
I FELT IT.
WHAT DID YOU FEEL?
A HOLE
IN THE PULMONARY ARTERY.
ARE YOU SURE THAT IT WAS
THE PULMONARY ARTERY?
YES.
OR DID YOU JUST
BLINDLY FEEL IT?
I KNEW WHAT I WAS DOING
AND WHAT I FELT.
YOU HAD YOUR HAND ON IT?
I HAD MY HAND ON IT
AND TRACED THE ANATOMY.
ARE YOU 100% SURE?
SHE SAID SHE'S SURE!
(instrument clatters)
ENOUGH! IT'S ENOUGH!
THIS IS ENOUGH.
YOU CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS.
YOU C--YOU CAN'T...
(exhales) HE'S GONE.
DR. ALTMAN, I--I'M SORRY,
BUT HE'S GONE,
AND THIS IS NOT
GONNA BRING HIM BACK
SO PLEASE JUST STOP.
(exhales) PLEASE.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT,
DR. KEPNER,
OR DO YOU NEED TIME
TO GATHER YOURSELF?
(beeping continues)
NO, I...
NO.
OKAY, THEN.
(beeping continues)
I AM 100% SURE.
ALL RIGHT.
HENRY FLATLINED.
WE DID COMPRESSIONS,
PUSHED EPI,
GOT A SINUS BRADY,
PUSHED HIGH-DOSE EPI.
HE FLATLINED AGAIN.
WE DID MORE COMPRESSIONS.
WE CONTINUED IN THIS MANNER
UNTIL BOTH DR. WEBBER AND I
DECIDED THAT HIS HEART
WOULD NOT START.
WE CALLED TIME OF DEATH
AT 8:52 P.M.
(scrubbing hands)
YOU HAVE EVERY REASON
TO BE PISSED WITH ME, KAREV.
I PLAYED YOU.
I WANTED IN ON THAT SURGERY,
AND I LOOKED
FOR THE WEAKEST LINK,
AND IT WAS YOU.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
NEXT TIME
I'LL KNOW BETTER.
IT'S NOT ALL RIGHT.
THAT WAS YOUR MOMENT,
AND I TOOK IT AWAY
FROM YOU.
WHAT I DID TODAY
WAS... SAD.
IT WAS PATHETIC.
(sighs)
AN OLD MAN
ACTING OUT OF FEAR.
YOU GET TO A POINT
IN YOUR CAREER...
HELL, IN YOUR LIFE...
WHEN YOU REALIZE YOU GOT
MORE YESTERDAYS THAN TOMORROWS.
AND THAT REALIZATION
IS HARD ON A MAN.
BUT WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE
TO GET IN ON
SOMETHING LIKE THAT...
YOU FIGHT LIKE A TIGER,
ALL BECAUSE YOU THINK
IT'LL GIVE YOU
JUST A LITTLE MORE TIME
IN THE GAME.
I DON'T THINK YOU HAVE TO
WORRY ABOUT THAT.
YOU KIDDING?
A YEAR FROM NOW,
MAYBE TWO IF I'M LUCKY,
THEY'LL STICK ME IN AN OFFICE
IN A PART OF THE HOSPITAL
NOBODY EVER GOES TO.
THEY'LL APPOINT ME
TO SOME DO-NOTHING BOARD
THAT MAKES UP RULES
NOBODY PAYS ATTENTION TO.
THEY'LL LET ME DO
A COUPLE OF APPYS A WEEK
SO I CAN STILL
CALL MYSELF A SURGEON.
YOU REACH A CERTAIN AGE,
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS.
IT'S THE ORDER OF THINGS.
(sighs)
I CAN'T THINK OF ANYTHING
MORE HUMILIATING.
CAN YOU?
NO.
HEY, YOU WANT TO SCRUB IN
ON THE TRANSPLANT?
ROBBINS JUST NEEDS
ONE OF US.
GO AHEAD.
REALLY?
GO ON OR I'M GONNA
CHANGE MY MIND.
I-I DON'T KNOW...
THANKS, KAREV.
(packaging crinkles)
(woman) 36.
37.
38.
39. NOPE.
THE X-RAYS ARE HERE.
OH. LOOK, KEEP LOOKING.
UH, DR. BAILEY,
WE HAVE TO CLOSE.
HE'S BEEN UNDER TOO LONG.
YOU HAVE BOARDS COMING UP.
IS THIS REALLY WHAT YOU WANT
ON YOUR RECORD?
WELL, DON'T JUST STAND THERE
LIKE A WHIPPED PUPPY.
CHECK UNDER THE LIVER AGAIN.
IT'S--IT'S NOT UNDER
THE LIVER.
EXCUSE ME?
IT'S NOT IN THE PATIENT.
(sighs) DR. GREY, I-I THOUGHT
I TAUGHT YOU THE SIMPLE,
RELIABLE RULES, LIKE WHEN YOU
DON'T FIND THE PROBLEM
ON YOUR FIRST LOOK,
CHECK AGAIN.
DOUBLE-CHECK, TRIPLE-CHECK
IF YOU HAVE TO.
WE DON'T THROW OUR HANDS UP
IN MY O.R.
WHEN A MAN'S LIFE
IS AT STAKE.
DR. BAILEY, THE SPONGE IS
ON THE BOTTOM OF YOUR SHOE.
ON THE...
WH--
(squishes)
(Miranda) UGH. OH.
FOCUS...
LIKE A LASER.
(laughs)
WHY AREN'T WE GETTING
ANY URINE?
THERE'S A KINK
IN THE VESSELS.
PAPAVERINE, PLEASE.
HEY, WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS
AND NOT KAREV?
HE WAS THE ONE WHO
SUGGESTED THE TRANSPLANT.
I PICKED KAREV'S POCKET.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
YOU WHAT?
TWICE IN ONE DAY, KAREV?
HONEST TO GOD...
IT WAS LIKE TAKING CANDY
FROM A BABY.
NO, THAT'S NOT RIGHT.
IT'S NOT FAIR TO THE BABY.
(laughs)
IT WAS EASIER THAN TAKING
CANDY FROM A BABY.
AT LEAST THE BABY PUTS UP
A BIT OF A FIGHT.
(Arizona laughs)
REMOVING CLAMP.
WHOO!
AHH!
YES! OH, WE GOT IT.
WE HAVE URINE.
THE KIDNEY'S WORKING.
WE DID IT.
(applause)
(man) GOOD JOB.
(inhales)
DR. WEBBER EXERCISED
HIS JUDGMENT AND STEPPED IN.
SO WE CRACKED HIS CHEST
AND TRIED TO TAMPONADE
THE BLEEDING
AND GET TO THE SOURCE.
HE BECAME BRADYCARDIC,
SO WE PUSHED ATROPINE.
UM, I THEN REALIZED
HE HAD LOST SO MUCH BLOOD
BECAUSE HIS--
THE TUMOR HAD ERODED
THROUGH THE PULMONARY ARTERY.
RIGHT.
THAT'S WHEN HE FLATLINED.
WE DID COMPRESSIONS...
PUSHED EPI,
GOT A SINUS BRADY...
PUSH HIGH-DOSE EPI...
WHICH IS WHEN
HE FLATLINED AGAIN.
YES.
(exhales)
(crying) AND YOU
AND DR. WEBBER AGREED
THAT HE HAD LOST
TOO MUCH BLOOD...
YES.
AND DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH LEFT
TO CIRCULATE,
SO HIS HEART...
WOULD NOT RESTART.
YES.
SO YOU CALLED TIME OF DEATH.
(both) 8:52 P.M.
(exhales deeply)
I'M SORRY.
OH, YOU DON'T APOLOGIZE.
YOU HEAR ME?
YOU DON'T BLAME YOURSELF.
YOU DID EVERY SINGLE THING
THAT I WOULD HAVE DONE.
YOU WERE ME
IN THAT O.R.
YOU WERE GOOD
AND YOU DID IT RIGHT.
HE JUST...
(sobbing)
(inhales)
HE JUST DIED.
(continues sobbing)
(crying)
(sniffles)
(continues crying)
(indistinct conversations)
(sighs)
I HAD A HUSBAND
AND A BABY
AND I WAS A SURGEON.
I HAD IT ALL.
AND THEN IT ALL...
TURNED BAD.
SO I GOT DIVORCED.
AND THEN I GOT BACK
ON MY FEET.
I FOUND YOU.
AND THEN THERE WAS
A SHOOTING.
SO NOW I AM FINALLY
BACK ON MY FEET
AGAIN
AND I HAVE YOU AGAIN.
I JUST DON'T WANT IT
TO BLOW UP.
(chuckles) OKAY.
YOU--YOU'RE SCARED.
SEE, ALL RIGHT, NOW...
I AM, TOO.
WHY CAN'T WE BE SCARED
IN THE SAME HOUSE? (laughs)
WELL, DON'T ACT LIKE
IT'S NOT COMPLICATED.
IT'S NOT COMPLICATED. WE JUST
TAKE IT ONE STEP AT A TIME.
PUT A TOOTHBRUSH
IN MY HOUSE TODAY.
TOMORROW, MAYBE
A COUPLE PAIRS OF SOCKS.
THEN A SUITCASE
ON THE WEEKEND--
I HAVE A CHILD.
I CAN'T JUST MOVE IN
WITH YOU.
WAIT. YOU--YOU HAVE A CHILD?
WHOA. WHEN DID--
WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN?
OH, STOP--
YOU ARE NOT A FUNNY MAN.
I MET HIM. RICK, RIGHT?
(sighs) IT WAS A MISTAKE
TO EVEN ENTER INTO
THIS CONVERSATION.
T. REX VERSUS MEGALOSAURUS--
WHO WINS?
WELL, I HAVE NO IDEA.
YOU KNOW WHO DOES?
I DO,
AND SO DOES TUCK.
MEGALOSAURUS IS
A TENTH OF THE SIZE.
T. REX EATS MEGALO
EVERY TIME.
BUT T. REX VERSUS
PTERANODON, THOUGH--
BEN--
PTERANODON CAN FLY.
THAT'S AN EASY WIN.
UNLESS YOU THINK
THAT'S A FORFEIT.
YEAH, I CAN DO THIS
ALL DAY,
AND SO CAN TUCK.
YOU'RE BORED ALREADY, AND WE'VE
BEEN AT IT 30 SECONDS.
I LIKE TUCK.
I LIKE HANGING OUT
WITH TUCK.
I LIKE DINOSAURS
AND TRANSFORMERS
AND... I LIKE YOU.
I... WANT
THE WHOLE PACKAGE.
(sighs)
I KNOW YOU DON'T COME
WITHOUT TUCK.
I KNOW THAT.
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
(chuckles)
SO THAT'S IT?
NOTHING?
MY TOOTHBRUSH
IS IN MY LOCKER.
ONE STEP AT A TIME.
(surgical staff
speaking indistinctly)
OOH! HA HA.
SORRY, GUYS.
HA HA.
SO THAT WENT WELL TODAY.
HMM. YOU WERE A MONSTER.
NO, NO, NO, NO,
I WAS JUST--I WAS AMPED UP.
(computer error sound dings)
OKAY.
YEAH. I THINK PEOPLE
FOUND ME HELPFUL.
OH. MM-HMM. OKAY.
(laughs)
I'M GONNA GO CHECK
ON THE TWINS,
THEN I'M GONNA
HEAD HOME.
HEY, COULD YOU, UM,
PUT THE HUMIDIFIER ON
IN SOFIA'S ROOM?
SHE SEEMED A LITTLE
CONGESTED THIS MORNING.
YEAH, I NOTICED THAT.
YEAH, BUT DON'T GIVE HER
ANYTHING FOR IT.
I DON'T THINK
WE'RE THERE YET.
ALL RIGHT.
OH, AND GIVE HER
THE PINK BLANKET
THAT YOUR FRIEND TERRY
GAVE US. SHE LIKES THAT.
NO, NO, SHE DOESN'T--
UH, YES, SHE DOES.
AND DON'T PUT IT
ON HER DIRECTLY
'CAUSE SHE'LL JUST
FLING IT OFF.
LAY IT DOWN ON TOP OF
THE SHEET, FUZZY SIDE UP.
UH, EXCUSE ME.
THIS IS IMPORTANT.
ARE YOU GETTING THIS?
FUZZY SIDE UP, NOT DOWN. UP.
NOT DOWN, UP.
(laughs) FINE, FINE, FINE.
NOT DOWN. UP. MY WAY.
FINE, FINE.
MY WAY.
FINE, FINE, FINE.
I WAS A MONSTER.
HEY, MIKE.
HEY.
YOU MIND
IF I GET STARTED?
NO, NO, NO, GO AHEAD, MIKE.
WE WERE JUST...
(beeps)
LEAVING.
HEY, I'LL COME SEE
THE BABIES WITH YOU.
MM.
SERIOUSLY, THOUGH,
I'M PUTTING
THE HUMIDIFIER ON.
(slaps buttocks)
(chuckles)
(Sleeping at Last)
♪ TO REMEMBER OUR IDEALS ♪
IF ONLY LIFE WAS JUST
A DRESS REHEARSAL...
♪ I'LL BE BRAVE WHEN YOU... ♪
AND WE HAD TIME
FOR DO-OVERS.
(sighs)
THAT'S SOMETHING,
ISN'T IT, KAREV?
WHAT A SURGERY.
THIS IS A TEACHING HOSPITAL,
OKAY?
YOU WERE THE CHIEF
FOR 20 YEARS.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
TEACHING YOUR RESIDENTS,
NOT STEALING SURGERIES
LIKE SOME SHARK FIFTH YEAR.
IT'S NOT COOL, OKAY?
IT'S NOT FAIR.
(clicking keyboard keys)
OH, I THINK I TAUGHT YOU
SOMETHING TODAY.
YOU DON'T GIVE UP
A ONCE-IN-A-LIFETIME SURGERY,
NOT FOR ANY REASON,
NOT FOR ANYONE,
NOT EVER.
♪ ...THE KNOTS ♪
♪ THOUGH OUR HANDS
MAY BE TIED ♪
WATCH YOUR BACK, KAREV.
I MAY DECIDE TO
TEACH YOU SOMETHING TOMORROW.
(elevator bell dings)
WE'D BE ABLE TO PRACTICE
AND PRACTICE EVERY MOMENT
UNTIL WE GOT IT RIGHT.
♪ WE OBLIGE ♪
GOD, I WISH YOU COULD'VE BEEN
IN THERE WITH ME TODAY.
REALLY?
ME, TOO.
(elevator bell dings)
OH!
I'M SORRY. I WASN'T--
NO, NO.
I'M--I'M SORRY.
I WAS... HEARING THINGS.
IT WAS... LONG DAY. I'M JUST
GONNA... (laughs) OKAY.
UNFORTUNATELY...
EVERY DAY OF OUR LIVES
IS ITS OWN PERFORMANCE.
(Derek)
SHE'S GONNA NEED REHAB,
BUT THE FACT THAT HER LEGS
ARE MOVING ALREADY
IS A REALLY GOOD SIGN.
IS THIS A PRIVATE PARTY
OR CAN ANYBODY JOIN IN?
(Derek laughs)
HERE YOU GO. BRANDI...
MEET ANDI.
SHE'S THE ONE WHO'S BEEN KICKING
YOU IN THE ASS YOUR WHOLE LIFE.
(man) CAN WE, UM...
IS IT OKAY IF TOUCH 'EM?
OF COURSE YOU CAN.
(Brandi and Andi crying)
(crying)
CHARLEY, LOOK AT THEM.
THEY'RE BEAUTIFUL.
LOOK AT THEM.
THEY'RE PERFECT.
HI.
♪ ...ANCHOR CAST BELOW ♪
IT SEEMS LIKE EVEN WHEN
WE GET THE CHANCE TO REHEARSE
AND PREPARE...
(groans)
AND PRACTICE...
SWEETIE, YOU HAVE TO GO
TO SLEEP.
(groans)
YOU HAVE TO.
JUST WALK HER AROUND.
OH, I AM TOO TIRED
TO WALK.
OHH.
(turns TV on)
(grunts)
IS THAT FROM TODAY?
MM-HMM.
(Meredith laughs)
SHE LOOKS BIGGER.
HEY, ARE YOU GETTING BIGGER?
OKAY, SHE'S GONNA TAKE
HER FIRST STEPS ANY MINUTE.
I CAN FEEL IT.
SHE IS GETTING BIGGER.
SHE LOOKS BIGGER.
MM-HMM.
(Derek) COME ON.
COME GET THE GIRAFFE.
(babbles)
YOU'RE JUST THE CUTEST KID
ON THE ENTIRE PLANET.
WHY IS THAT?
OH!
DEREK, DEREK.
SHE'S WALKING.
WHERE'S THE--
OH, WHERE'S THE CAMERA?
(Derek) COME TO DADDY.
COME TO DADDY.
TURN IT ON.
(high-pitched voice)
HI. HI, BABY.
(speaks indistinctly)
I CAN'T OPEN IT.
HI, BABY ZOLA. HI, BABY.
I CAN'T--I CAN'T--I CAN'T DO
THIS. I CAN'T--OH, GOSH.
TURN IT ON! TURN IT ON!
(speaks indistinctly)
RIGHT NOW! RIGHT NOW!
I CAN'T GET IT ON!
THERE. AH! WALK FOR ME.
(Meredith)
WE'RE STILL NEVER QUITE READY
FOR LIFE'S GRAND MOMENTS.
HI, BABY!
GO BACK. OH, MY GOODNESS.
OH, I MISSED IT!
(Meredith laughs)
(Derek groans)
GOOD GIRL!